"Ah, don't you think this is an idiot from the Qin Dynasty?"
Again.
In the back is such a beautiful girl.
What an animal tyrant, who lets a good man have a rich father?
Qin Shao Li Minh Hao
In my previous life, I was stabbed to death by him.
I can't believe we met so soon in this life.
But now I'm not the poor guy I used to be.
If you beat me, who's a good dog?
You're in my way.
Where am I to say so much?
Li Ming Hao will collect interest first this time.
Our accounts are calculated slowly.
Shao, are you okay?
Just a little bit bitten by a mad dog.
What could be going on?
Quickly think about how to go online with you. This time, whether the death car crashes or not is also you.
Hey.
Qin missing me
This is your girl.
Yes, this is me. You set the price, I bought it.